#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass report
\begin_preamble
\input{preamble}
\end_preamble
\options refpage,intoc,bibliography=totoc,index=totoc,BCOR7.5mm,captions=tableheading
\use_default_options false
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package babel
\inputencoding iso8859-15
\fontencoding T1
\font_roman "lmodern" "default"
\font_sans "lmss" "default"
\font_typewriter "lmtt" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures false
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize 12
\spacing onehalf
\use_hyperref true
\pdf_title "The LyX User's Guide"
\pdf_author "LyX Team"
\pdf_subject "LyX"
\pdf_keywords "LyX"
\pdf_bookmarks true
\pdf_bookmarksnumbered true
\pdf_bookmarksopen false
\pdf_bookmarksopenlevel 1
\pdf_breaklinks false
\pdf_pdfborder false
\pdf_colorlinks true
\pdf_backref false
\pdf_pdfusetitle false
\pdf_quoted_options "linkcolor=black,citecolor=black,urlcolor=blue,filecolor=blue,pdfpagelayout=OneColumn,pdfnewwindow=true,pdfstartview=XYZ,plainpages=false"
\papersize default
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 0
\use_package cancel 0
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 0
\use_package mathtools 0
\use_package mhchem 0
\use_package stackrel 0
\use_package stmaryrd 0
\use_package undertilde 0
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 0
\use_minted 0
\branch unfinished
\selected 1
\filename_suffix 0
\color #faf0e6
\end_branch
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 2.5cm
\topmargin 2cm
\rightmargin 2.5cm
\bottommargin 2cm
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation skip
\defskip medskip
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 2
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
More details about something
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "app:example-appendix"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
So you had more to say and wanted to put it in an appendix? No problem,
 add it here! I couldn't figure out how to use the bibliography in this
 part, so I've just added the references manually below [A1
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout

--
\end_layout

\end_inset

A5].
 Maybe you can figure it out..
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace medskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
[A1] B.
 N.
 Provotorov.
 
\emph on
A quantum-statistical theory of cross-relaxation
\emph default
.
 Soviet Physics JETP 
\series bold
15,
\series default
 611
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout

--
\end_layout

\end_inset

614 (1962) URL: 
\begin_inset CommandInset href
LatexCommand href
target "http://www.jetp.ac.ru/cgi-bin/e/index/e/15/3/p611?a=list"
literal "false"

\end_inset


\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
[A2] M.
 Goldman.
 S
\emph on
pin temperature and Nuclear Magnetic Resonance in solids
\emph default
.
 Interna- tional series of monographs on physics.
 Clarendon Press, 1970.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
[A3] C.
 P.
 Slichter.
 
\emph on
Principles of Magnetic Resonance
\emph default
, 3
\begin_inset Formula $^{\text{rd}}$
\end_inset

 Ed.
 Springer Verlag, 1990.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
[A4] R.
 T.
 Schumacher.
 
\emph on
Dynamics of interacting spin systems
\emph default
.
 Physical Review 
\series bold
112,
\series default
 837
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout

--
\end_layout

\end_inset

842 (1958)
\begin_inset VSpace smallskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
[A5] L.
 C.
 Hebel and C.
 P.
 Slichter.
 
\emph on
Nuclear spin relaxation in normal and superconducting aluminum
\emph default
.
 Physical Review 
\series bold
113
\series default
, 1504 (1959)
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
